---
layout: post
title:  "Homework 1"
date:   2015-02-23 09:00:00
categories: homework
---

### 1. In-memory descriptive statistics
In this exercise you'll investigate the impact of inventory size on customer satisfaction for the 10M ratings [MovieLens dataset](http://www.grouplens.org/system/files/ml-10m-README.html) discussed in class, producing the equivalent of Figure 2 from the ["Anatomy of the Long Tail"](http://doi.acm.org/10.1145/1718487.1718513}) for these data.

Specifically, for the subset of users who rated at least 10 movies, produce a plot that shows the fraction of users satisfied (vertical axis) as a function of inventory size (horizontal axis).
We will define "satisfied" as follows: an individual user is satisfied p% of the time at inventory of size k if at least p% of the movies they rated are contained in the top k most popular movies.
As in the paper, produce one curve for the 100% user satisfaction level and another for 90%---do not, however, bother implementing the null model.


### 2. Counting scenarios
You are given a dataset of phone calls between pairs of people, listing the caller, callee, time of phone call and duration of the phone call (in seconds), a snapshot is given below:

    2125550123    2125559876    Wed Feb 13 19:27:47 EST 2013    123
    6465550123    4155559876    Tue Feb 19 11:35:09 EST 2013    1
    4155550912    2125550123    Mon Apr 9 23:33:59 PST 2012     679
    2125559876    2125550123    Wed Feb 13 19:07:47 EST 2013    509
    ...

Here the first line represents a phone call lasting slightly over two minutes, the second just a quick 1 second call, etc.
Your task is to compute for each pair of phone numbers the total amount of time the parties spent on the phone to each other (regardless of who called whom).

1. Suppose your dataset is the call log of a small town of 100,000 people each of whom calls 50 people on average. Please describe how you would compute the statistics.
2. Suppose your dataset is a call log of a large town of 10,000,000 people, each of whom calls 100 people on average. Please describe how you would compute the statistics.
3. Suppose the dataset is a call log of a nation of 300,000,000 people, each of whom calls 200 people on average. Please describe how you would compute the statistics.

In writing your descriptions above, you don't need to provide actual working code, but please provide enough detail that someone can easily implement your approach. What differences are there between the three different approaches? What prompted you to answer these questions differently?